(CURIOUS)
(STRUGGLING)
(CURIOUS) Huh?
That was a close one!
I can't leave you behind...
especially not when you're like
this...
...but I can't get caught here,
either.
If I can just get to the meeting
point...
♪♪ (JAPANESE THEME MUSIC)
(SITTING UP)
Where am I?
(GASP)
[BORUTO] Finally awake, Old Man?
[OHNOKI] Boruto!
It was you? You're the one who
saved my life?
To be honest, I wasn't really
trying to.
(TAKEN BACK)
In fact, at first, I didn't even
realize that I was carrying you.
But anyway...
What exactly was it you were
doing with those weird guys?
What the hell is going
on around here?
I already told you. I'm doing
this all for peace.
I still don't get it.
Because of those things, a lot
of Leaf shinobi were taken down.
Yes, and that is something that
I deeply regret.
But still, this is all for
peace in the Ninja World.
I hope you realize that it's to
protect you, as well!
But why do we need to be
protected?!
Why can't we handle
it ourselves?!
Because you're simply too weak,
that's why.
What?! Come on!
Do you even know what I'm
capable of, Old Man?
I know quite well.
Nonetheless, the fact is that
young people these days...
are far too weak and unreliable.
What did you say?! Hey, I
defeated the Otsutsuki!
Don't be arrogant! I have my
own reasons for doing this.
Although, right now...
...you probably wouldn't
understand them.
Oh, yeah? Is that right? I've
had enough of this crap!
You're on your own from here on
out!
I'm just gonna go back to
my friends now.
But you can't.
Huh?!
I never imagined that we would
end up right here...
Alright, what are you talking
about now, Old Man?!
This area's the Sanzu Plain.
It's completely surrounded by a
powerful barrier.
Once you're inside, it's very
difficult to get back out again.
You're lying!
You're only saying that to keep
me...
from trying to leave you here!
I'm not lying.
Oh, yeah? Well, I still don't
believe you!
I'll just turn around and go
out the way I came in!
You're free to go ahead and try!
(HEAVY BREATHING)
(COLLAPSE)
What the hell is going on?!
No matter how far I walk, I end
up in the same place.
The Sanzu Plain's long been used
as a Training Ground...
for shinobi from the Hidden
Stone Village.
The only way to get out of it
is...
to find your own individual
"Heart Stone"...
that lies somewhere in here.
Uh, the what?
I don't get it!
So you're telling me I gotta
find this "Heart Stone" thing?
How about... Um... this one.
Yeah, this'll work! This'll be
my Heart Stone!
I'm sorry, but it's not that
simple.
All right, is there an
easy-to-follow strategy...
or something?
(CHUCKLE) Nope.
The Heart Stone's glow can
only be seen...
by those people who are
self-reliant...
and are truly able to confront
who they are.
A person who's unwilling to
train will never find it.
Are you serious?
(FRUSTRATED) Alright!
Then I'll just have to use my
Shadow Clones...
to find a way out of here, ya
know!
[BORUTO] Shadow Clone Jutsu!
(CONFUSED)
Just so you know, you can't
use jutsu inside this barrier.
No jutsu?!
How big a deal is this "Heart
Stone" thing
that someone has to
go through all this?!
I suppose that depends on how
you look at it.
After all, the Heart Stone is
just a pebble.
A pebble? It doesn't have any
powers?
[OHNOKI] It's not the rock
itself that has value.
It's about the way that you find
it.
The significance of it is in
the process.
(SHOCKED)
C'mon! This whole idea is
so old-fashioned!
The young people in my village
say the same thing.
They mock tradition and the old
ways of doing things.
So nowadays, nobody at all comes
to this place...
to make the search for their
Heart Stone anymore...
Huh? Wait a second...
When you say nobody... are you
really saying that...?
That's right.
I mean the two of us are doomed
to rot in here...
without ever getting back out.
Quit messing around!
There's no way we can give up
and accept that!
It's just our reality now.
Instead of finding a
way out...
we have to think about
how we can survive here.
Have you located the Master
yet?
Regrettably, no. I had the
Akuta comb the entire area,...
but we still haven't been able
to find him.
[KU] Then just assign some more
Akuta to the search immediately!
[KOKUYOU] But if we expand the
search too much...
...then the villagers will
become aware...
of the Akutas' presence.
[KU] That's what we have Kirara
for.
We just need to have her
keep things quiet.
Lord Ku... there's a human
expression that says...
you can't keep people from
talking.
It means that despite your best
efforts...
you can't truly keep
rumors from spreading.
What would you have us do,
then?!
The solution is simple, really.
We just have to eliminate every
witness.
No, that's contrary to the
Master's wishes.
He wants us to keep harm to the
humans at a minimum.
(ANNOYED)
Then we will lead the search by
the Akuta ourselves.
I request permission to head
out, sir.
I said no!
This is an important
moment...
in bringing the Master's
plan to fruition!
Your task right now is to
increase the production
of Akuta.
You're to use them to continue
the search for the Master.
And keep all this a secret!
[BOTH] Yes, sir!
[MITSUKI] What's all this?
I collected it all myself! Isn't
that so human?
Is it?
What? But you've lived among
humans for so long.
How do you know so little about
them?
No one that I knew...
ever really did anything quite
like this.
Huh? Really? How weird...
That isn't what the intel I
gathered suggested...
(CURIOUS)
Hey, Mitsuki. What are you
doing?
Not much. Kirara was just
showing me her things.
Your room's messy as usual, I
see.
Why don't you just throw all
this useless junk away?
Hey! Keep your dirty hands off
my things!
Can't you see how
wonderful they all are?
Who cares. It's all trash.
I'll kill you!
Yeah, well, you can do that
later.
Right now, Lord Ku wants
you to control...
the flow of information in the
village.
I seriously doubt you'll ever be
able to understand humans..
Hey. Things've seemed noisy
since yesterday.
Something going on?
I heard that some Hidden Leaf
Shinobi...
came here looking for you.
But Lord Ku chased them way.
Ah.
Anyway... when will I get to
meet this Lord Ku?
Things are actually pretty busy
today...
I see.
Okay... Well, I can wait.
Shikadai.
(ATTEMPT TO MIMIC)
Shi-ka-da-i.
Wow, epic fail...
All right, then...
How 'bout this one?
[INOJIN] "Cho-Cho."
(ATTEMPT TO MIMIC)
That's too hard, huh?
This is "Cho-Cho." You
understand?
Cho-Cho, the Chubs.
Chubs! Chubs!
(LAUGHTER) Alright!
Very good, Akkun!
(SHOCKED)
Who's there?!
(WEARY SIGH)
Sarada! Cho-Cho!
(SIGH) I must've lost
weight from that...
Was someone chasing you?
There's tons of Akuta. They're
everywhere.
And Boruto and Shikadai?
Aren't they with you?
Wait, hold on...
You mean they're not here yet?!
Akkun...
[INOJIN] Maybe they're lost...
Should we go out and look for
them?
It's too risky to move right
now.
We should wait and see if
they show up first.
And besides, I don't think
I could walk another step!
Akkun...
(SHOCKED)
Chubs!
(STOMACH GROWLS)
I can't...
I'm so hungry right now, I
can't even move.
(INHALE) Damn it.
(INHALE) At this rate, I'm done
for.
So uncool... This just proves
I'm all talk...
[BORUTO] So thirsty... I need
water...
(SPLASHED)
(SHOCKED) Ah!
[BORUTO] Old Man?!
I guess I was right...
It seems that you aren't going
to be able to survive...
out here very well.
(GUILTY)
Come with me.
Here's some water. Drink.
(STARTLED) Are you sure?
Just go on, drink.
(DRINKING)
Wow, I feel alive again! You're
a real lifesaver!
(STOMACH GROWLS)
Want some food?
But aren't you hungry?
Take it.
(RELIEVED)
A bug?!
It's a valuable source of
protein. It's quite good.
What?! Come on! Isn't
there, like, anything else?
You could always starve instead.
(STOMACH GROWLS)
Well?
(RELUCTANT)
Okay fine! I'm not gonna die out
here!
(BITING)
Well?
(CHEWING)
(SWALLOWING)
It's good!
I told you.
Why did you offer me food and
water, though?
(CHUCKLE) Well, I figured that I
owed you...
for saving my life back there.
So my conscience simply wouldn't
allow me...
to just let you perish.
Wow, Old Man...
Well, then? So, was I right or
what?
(TAKEN BACK)
(CHUCKLE) Oh, never mind.
For now, just lend me a hand.
I can only find so much food
myself...
so if you want to survive...
...listen to me. Let's
call a truce.
(EATING)
Well! That's quite a big change
from this morning!
I gotta say...
it really is amazing just how
much food is out here.
Living off the land is a basic
shinobi skill.
Didn't they teach you that at
the Academy in the Leaf?
Yeah, kinda.
I read about it in a textbook,
but we didn't actually do it...
If you keep a sharp eye
out...
then you can find what you need.
When you were looking
earlier...
You saw bamboo leaves
and cicada shells, didn't you?
Ah, I get it!
Materials for utensils!
And we can find insects that we
can eat, too.
You didn't realize that
before...
and that's a problem. Goodness,
me.
Young people these days are all
about book learning...
but have no real-life
resourcefulness!
Sorry about that...
So, you finally admit it? That
you have shortcomings?
Uh- this and that are two
different things!
Let's just eat, okay?
(CHOMPING) Ah, hot!
You don't have to rush! Let it
cool down before you eat!
Unlike the old days when I was
young...
you have everything you
could possibly need.
But still, has that abundance
actually made you stronger...
in any meaningful way?
Back when my peers and I were
young...
we were caught in a time of war.
There was constant fighting. We
were desperate just to survive.
That crucible forged
us... and made us stronger.
Are you saying things were
better...
...back when you were at
war?!
That's not what I meant.
Although, having experience in
battle does make a difference.
Especially in times like these.
if you don't exercise
self-control...
and don't train enough...
...then you can't fight enemies
like Kaguya.
You've actually fought
against the Otsutsuki,...
...so you have an idea
of what I'm talking about.
I just...
don't ever want to see innocent
people die again...
And that's why I made Ku and the
others.
Master... My dearest father...
We're merely awaiting your
orders!
Actually... now that you
mention it...
I heard him call you
"father." Is that 'cause...?
That's right. He was grown
from my cells.
He's a synthetic human.
He's a Fabrication.
(SHOCKED)
Come, now! Don't act so
surprised.
After all, there's another one
that's similar...
to him among you, as well.
Oh...
The technology behind all of
this is still in its infancy.
And to perfect it, I need to
have help from Mitsuki.
That's why I invited him to come
here.
If my plan succeeds,...
Ku and those like him will be
able to fight in your place.
And they will dutifully
protect all of you from harm.
Yeah, but...
No "buts."
I can't bear the thought of
promising youths...
such as yourself becoming
casualties.
(SYMPATHETIC)
The plan is now about to enter
its final stages.
I've left it in good hands.
I'm sure that Ku and the others
will see it through.
I've finally reached my goal.
Finally!
So, you're Ku? Well, we meet
at last. I'm-
There's no need for any
introductions.
With your help, we're about to
gather vital data on your heart.
We're very grateful to.you.
But I thought that a Curse Mark
had been placed on my heart.
Isn't that right?
Yes, but it's an older Curse
Mark.
It'll take some time...
but we'll be able to complete
the analysis.
It's because you're here that we
can now complete our plan.
I have another reason for coming
to the Stone...
...to learn the secret behind
my "will."
[KU] The secret behind your
will?
[MITSUKI] That's right.
The two of us were both created
by humans.
Were our souls, too?
Was the individual will in me...
something just given to me by
humans?
[KU] If you want to know the
answer to that question...
I'd say that you should ask the
human who created you.
However, it seems clear to me
that you haven't done so.
Why do you think that might be?
I don't know.
They say that humans go through
a...
rebellious stage as they mature.
If that's true, then your
behavior isn't all that unusual.
My will means I'm... maturing?
Perhaps. Or maybe you were
merely programmed...
that way to begin with.
But what difference does it
really make, anyway?
(SHOCKED)
I don't... really care either
way.
Our master is pursuing a very
noble purpose.
He needed an empty vessel to
fill with that purpose.
That vessel is me.
The body the Master gave
me could've merely been...
an empty one.
That's why I call myself Ku,
which means "empty."
(TAKEN BACK)
I've heard that at one time
vessels were called "tsuki."
Mitsuki... it appears that you
and I are the same.
An empty vessel, I see...
And does that leave you
dissatisfied?
Listen... there's no need for
you to lament being "empty."
Emptiness that's expanded to
its utmost limits...
looks down upon everything that
it encompasses.
[KU] It becomes as limitless as
the sky.
[KOKUYOU] Reading human books
again, huh?
[KAKOU] Yeah. They're fun.
This one says that humans can
overcome adversity...
depending on their attitude
toward it.
I wonder if that applies to us
as well...
Ridiculous. That stuff won't
make a difference...
in how strong you are.
We fabrications have nothing
we would call a soul...
in the first place.
Hey, where's Mitsuki?
[KAKOU] He's with Lord Ku.
(DISAPPOINTED) I wanted to show
him how beautiful I look...
with this new umbrella I just
got.
Quit doing stuff like that. Just
take over for the Tsuchikage
like you're supposed to.
Huh?! Don't talk to me like
that...
when you're the one who's
slacking!
What?! Who's slacking?!
Look, I'm not the one off having
fun...
pretending to be human like
you are.
I'm studying the human soul!
What can you possibly understand
about humans...
just by reading a book?
Silence!
(ANNOYED)
Humans aren't worth it. Stop
wasting time on that nonsense.
How dare you?! / What
was that?!
Okay, okay. That's enough.
I get that you're interested in
understanding humans...
...but out of all of us, the one
who knows them best... is me.
(SCOFF)
Kakou... When you're done, can I
borrow that book?
I'm curious about books
concerning humans.
Well, you can take it right now,
if you like.
Oh! Are you sure?
Here you go.
(SHOCKED)
(WORRIED) Kakou?
(WORRIED) It just started all of
a sudden.
Kirara, Kakou needs help!
Kirara?!
Oh, no... This isn't beautiful
at all...
♪♪ (JAPANESE END CREDITS)
[BORUTO] Damn it, I can't just
be here relaxing like this!
We stumbled into a seriously
dangerous place, here!
[OHNOKI] Like I said, to get out
of the Sanzu Plain...
you must find your "Heart
Stone."
[BORUTO] Does that thing even
really exist?
It's hard to believe such a
special stone...
is just lying around here!
Next time on "Boruto: Naruto
Next Generations..."
"The Heart Stone"
[OHNOKI] If you realize or learn
something while you're here,
...then you'll be able to
obtain the "Heart Stone."